Add kyverno project ideas for term Spring 25 (#1348)
cncf/mentoring: programs/lfx-mentorship/2025/01-Mar-May/project_ideas.md

  - TBD
- Upstream Issue (URL): TBD, https://github.com/theupdateframework/tuf-on-ci/issues/39 (initial ideas)

### Kyverno

#### Chainsaw Tests For New Policy Types

> - Description: Kyverno 1.14 is introducing new policy types based on the upstream ValidatingAdmissionPolicy and MutatingAdmissionPolicy. This issue is to update sample policies for this new type, and update documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Description: Kyverno 1.14 is introducing new policy types based on the upstream Kubernetes ValidatingAdmissionPolicy and MutatingAdmissionPolicy resources, as well as a new ImageVerificationPolicy based on CEL. This project will add e2e tests using Chainsaw for these new policy types.
```

- GitHub Issue: [Chainsaw testing](https://github.com/kyverno/kyverno/issues/12065)
- Recommended Skills: Golang, Kubernetes, ValidatingAdmissionPolicy
- Mentor(s):  Charles-Edouard Brétéché (@eddycharly, charles.edouard@nirmata.com)

#### Sample Policies For New Policy Types

> - Description: Add and convert Kyverno sample policies using the new policy types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Description:  Kyverno 1.14 is introducing new policy types based on the upstream Kubernetes ValidatingAdmissionPolicy and MutatingAdmissionPolicy resources, as well as a new ImageVerificationPolicy based on CEL.  This project will focus on the website and sample policy updates using the new policy types.
```

- GitHub Issue: https://github.com/kyverno/kyverno/issues/12085 
- Recommended Skills: Golang, Kubernetes, ValidatingAdmissionPolicy, MutatingAdmissionPolicy
- Mentor(s): Jim Bugwadia [@JimBugwadia](https://github.com/JimBugwadia)

#### Mutating Admission Policy Integration

> - Description: Integrate Mutating Admission Policy with Kyverno CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Description: This project will focus on Integrating the new Kubernetes MutatingAdmissionPolicy with Kyverno CLI for the apply and test commands. 
```
